#IRC
Be sure to read our [IRC Community Guidelines](03_01_irc_community_guidelines.md)

##Server

**irc.freenode.net**

##Channels

**`#icinga`**

This is the general Icinga channel. Everyone is welcome to ask questions, submit requests or discuss any ideas they have concerning Icinga, various plug-ins or monitoring in general. In fact, we don’t have a strict, “support questions only” policy, so as long as you aren’t interrupting the flow of things and aren’t breaking the rules, you’re welcome to hang out and chat about other things too.

If you don’t have an IRC client already installed, you can [CLICK HERE](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#icinga) to use web chat in your browser.

As outlined in our [IRC Community Guidelines](03_01_irc_community_guidelines.md), the preferred language is English.

**`#icinga-devel`**

This is the Icinga developer channel. It is for discussing code, design and other various forms of hacking that goes on behind the scenes to improve Icinga.
Most if not all of the people here are also in **#icinga**, as such there no general support is provided in **#icinga-devel** and end users who ask for it will be requested to use **#icinga**.
As outlined in our [IRC Community Guidelines](03_01_irc_community_guidelines.md), the preferred language is English.

##Tools
###Bots
Non-approved bots are **NOT** permitted.
###Info Bot
At the moment there is an info-bot (in progress) in **#icinga**, it will help handle common questions, etc at some point in the future. Maintained by *mjbrooks*.
###[GIT Commit Bot](03_02_git_commit_bot.md)
An experimental git bot lives in **#icinga-devel**, receiving commit messages from Icinga GIT repository. Maintained by *dnsmichi*.
###ieval
An icinga2 expression test bot living in **#icinga** and **#icinga-devel**. Maintained by *shroud*.
###icinga-jenkins
An experimental jenkins bot lives in **#icinga-devel**, which is tied into the Jenkins test suite and reports on testing activity. Maintained by *TheFlyingCorpse*
